Update archive-linkedin-data.md (#9613)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/archive-linkedin-data.md

6. Select the company page that you want to archive items from, and then click **Next**.

> 7. On the **Choose storage location** page, click in the box, select the email address of a Microsoft 365 mailbox that the LinkedIn items will be imported to, and then click **Next**. Items are imported to the inbox folder in this mailbox. The Mailbox used must be licensed with  exchange online plan 1 or 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. On the **Choose storage location** page, click in the box, select the email address of a Microsoft 365 mailbox that the LinkedIn items will be imported to, and then click **Next**. Items are imported to the inbox folder in this mailbox. The mailbox used must have an Exchange Online Plan 1 or Plan 2 license.
```
